hey guys a trigger Kiki Dee and I'm back
tonight with the outfit of another night
and it's a party outfit and this is one
of my little black dresses that I think
it's fabulous so go out which is CD to a
Hot Club New Year's Eve party anywhere
where you can be fabulous sexy hot
stunning your waiters dress yeah so this
is one of my many little black dresses
cuz I own more than one and every woman
in the united states of america in this
whole universe should have at least one
little black sexy dress now if you don't
have one go get one go online find one
that you like get it must have a little
black dress no matter your shape your
size your age gotta have so this is one
of mine I have a couple of little black
dresses that I purchase from different
plus our stores so you can definitely
find a little black dress and like
basically any size so the dress that I
have one is a length dress with a liar
so you don't have to put nothing on
under it it's a little share at the top
nothing crazy still classy so still
elegant but still sex to your fabulous
short sleeve a little you know
a little bit it comes above the knees as
you can see it's form-fitting so
so I'm my sesor ease off from forever 21
and these were 1080 i believe and
they're black and gold black flowers
with gold detailing in the middle and I
think these little cute statement
necklace I have no arrows on so this is
the piece and I have this gold bracelet
from forever 21 I believe this was 580
and the dress was from fashion to figure
a plus our store they also have a
website and they have some really really
nice thing in the school on the website
i really like the clothes but if you can
find a store you'll probably find some
fabulous hot stop really so this is the
dress and it was thirty-eight dollars
from national city and this is the dress
this is the outfit and I've completed
the outfit with these patent leather new
platform pumps right here yeah and these
were from pelas yeah so I finally found
a pair of patent another platform pumps
in my size size 11 and these were 34 99
so that was from payless the Justice
from fashion to figure there ly eight
dollars necklace from forever 21 I
believe 10
bracelet from forever 21 and that's it
that's the outfit of the night the party
outfit the little black dress so guys
thanks for watching and rate comment and
subscribe if you have it and you guys
will see me and another video so later